**************************
SPECIAL.NOTICES.TXT
Progress OpenEdge
Release 10.2B
December, 2009
**************************

This SPECIAL NOTICES file contains notices and licensing terms and conditions  applicable to certain third-party components which are contained in or otherwise distributed with Progress OpenEdge Release 10.2B .

Progress DataDirect Connect for JDBC
User may not modify the Java™ Platform Interface ("JPI", identified as classes contained within the "java" package or any subpackages of the "java" package), by creating additional classes within the JPI or otherwise causing the addition to or modification of the classes in the JPI.  In the event that User creates an additional class and associated API(s) which (i) extends the functionality of the Java Platform, and (ii) is exposed to third party software developers for the purpose of developing additional software which invokes such additional API, User must promptly publish broadly an accurate specification for such API for free use by all developers. User may not create, or authorize User’s licensees to create additional classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in any way identified as "java", "javax", "sun" or similar convention as specified by Sun in any naming convention designation.  Java software technology is not designed or intended for use in on- line control of aircraft, air traffic, aircraft navigation or aircraft communications; or in the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility.  Licensee will not use or, if applicable, redistribute the Java software technology for such purposes. PSC AND ITS LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES (EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) FOR SUCH USE.

Products licensed for the Microsoft SQL Server database
If the Product licensed to User includes a DataDirect driver for the Microsoft SQL Server database, then the following shall apply: The DataDirect driver contains a licensed implementation of the Microsoft TDS Protocol. Licensee may only use the DataDirect driver to communicate data to and from Microsoft SQL Servers. Additionally, Licensee must separately obtain from Microsoft or its channel partner any applicable Microsoft product licenses in order to use the DataDirect driver to communicate with Microsoft SQL Servers.

For Products that contain technology of RSA Security, Inc., the following provisions apply:
Licensee agrees not to remove, alter or destroy any proprietary, trademark or copyright notices placed upon or contained within the RSA software, user manuals or any related materials or documentation.  Licensee acquires no rights of any kind in or to any RSA trademark, trade name, logo or product designation under which the RSA software was or is marketed and shall not make any use of the same for any reason.

Progress DataDirect Connect64 for ODBC:  
DataDirect has licensed, and has rights to sub-license certain third party software that is part of the ODBC SDK components and which is usable for certain non-Windows platforms – Mac OS, OS/2, HP-UX, AIX, Linux, Solaris, and other non-Windows operating systems.  This section sets forth the conditions that govern User’s permitted use of the various non-windows SDK components:  User is not licensed to use the ODBC Core Components (hereinafter defined) other than with the Licensed Product.  Use of the ODBC Core Components with any ODBC drivers other than the Licensed Product is expressly prohibited.  User may not embed in any products, or otherwise sub-license the ODBC Core Components, without a separate license agreement.  For the purposes hereof, the term “ODBC Core Components” shall mean the ODBC Driver Manager and support files for non-Windows operating systems.  A separate license must be obtained from DataDirect if User wants to embed and sub-license the ODBC Header Files (hereinafter defined) with any software product.  For the purposes hereof, the term “ODBC Header Files” shall mean the text files for compilation and development of software. 

If one or more of the Products contain any files including a notice stating that the contents of such files are subject to the terms and conditions of the POSSENET Public License, such files, to the extent that they are supplied as part of the Products, shall be disregarded and this Agreement shall apply in relation thereto. 

If the Product you license contains MSDN Sample Code, Licensee shall not redistribute the MS Samples.   

The Product contains GNU Jcalendar, IBM Bean Scripting Framework and IBM Web Services Description Language for Java (“WSDL4J”), IBM Universal Description, Discovery and Integration for Java (“UDDI4J”),  Eclipse Graphic Editing Framework (GEF) , Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF), Eclipse Web Services Tools (WST), Eclipse Java Development Tools, Eclipse Platform p2 Tools, Eclipse Platform, Eclipse XML Schema Defiinition, JXSD Run-time, XSD Standalone, HTTPClient, and SQL Explorer. Each of these third party technologies is licensed to PSC and User subject to the terms of a third party license, a copy of which is included with the Product in the installation directory. PSC will, at Licensee’s request, provide a copy of the source code for these third party technologies, including modifications, if any, made by PSC. PSC may charge reasonable shipping and handling charges for such distribution. Licensee may also obtain the source code for these third party technologies through http://communities.progress.com/pcom/community/psdn by following the instructions set forth therein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the extent that any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement conflict, vary or are in addition to the terms and conditions of the aforementioned third party licenses for these technologies, such terms and conditions are offered by PSC alone and not by any other party.

Select portions of the Product are also distributed with certain independent code that is licensed under the GNU Library General Public License (“LGPL”).  You may obtain a copy of the LGPL along with this library containing the code or; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA .  For a period of three years from the date of this Agreement, License will, at your request, provide to you a copy of the source code for the code licensed under the LGPL, including modifications made by Licensee (“Open Source Code”).  PSC may charge reasonable shipping and handling charges for such distribution.  Please direct requests through http://communities.progress.com/pcom/community/psdn and following the instructions set forth therein.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the extent that any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement conflict with the LGPL, the conflicting terms and conditions shall not apply to the corresponding Open Source Code.

Select portions of the Product contain RegSvrEx, which is licensed to PSC and User subject to terms of the Code Project Open License version 1.02 (CPOL), a copy of which may be found at http://www.codeproject.com/info/cpol10.aspx. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement conflict, vary or are in addition to the terms and conditions of the CPOL, such conflicting terms and conditions shall not apply to "Executable Files" or "Source Code" (as these terms are defined in the CPOL.)

POSSENET
The Products, including any files therein, are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Where those files contain a reference to the POSSENET Public License, then the same shall be disregarded and this Agreement shall apply in relation thereto.

***
